The
There is a sense of anachronism in the time of speed, but it is still hard to throw away.
However, it is a pleasure to be pulled by a good young man of good taste, but there is a dirty car, so
I will do it.
How much is it?
Tell me the price.
I will not ride a bike.
I will not fight.
Please give me 85 yen.
Please be careful.
Please wake up.
I have been selling for 85 yen in the train from Ueno.
I said I would not ride a bike.
It is too expensive.
I will not fight.
You are fast.
I think you are buying something at the store.
Please do it.
It is a dirty car.
I delivered pigs this morning.
Please do it.
You are fast.
I have been riding a bike for a long time.
I will do it.
I will fall behind if you do it.
Please be careful.
I have been tested the car, but I did not get the
car.
I borrowed a car from the owner.
It is a long car.
Can you do it?
It is important to have a customer.
It moves.
It is a car that does not move.
I can do it.
I have been riding a bike for a long time.
I said I would ride it.
I have been working.
I am not joking.
I can not ride a woman's car.
I said I would ride it.
I did not say I would ride a woman's car.
I will go slowly.
I can not run.
My heart is bad.
The doctor stopped me.
I wonder if I can sleep here again.
I'll just get off the train.
I'm just kidding. I'll get off.
I'll just get off.
Thank you.
I'm always looking forward to the wild boar.
I'll get on the train when I'm in a hurry.
I'm just kidding. I'll get on the train when I'm in a hurry.